# PHP Error Codes

### Based on http://www.php.net/manual/en/errorfunc.constants.php



Value | Constant | Description | Note
----- | -------- | ----------- | ----
1 | E_ERROR (integer) | Fatal run-time errors. These indicate errors that can not be recovered from, such as a memory allocation problem. Execution of the script is halted. | 
2 | E_WARNING (integer) | Run-time warnings (non-fatal errors). Execution of the script is not halted. | 	 
4 | E_PARSE (integer) | Compile-time parse errors. Parse errors should only be generated by the parser. |	 
8 | E_NOTICE (integer) | Run-time notices. Indicate that the script encountered something that could indicate an error, but could also happen in the normal course of running a script. | 
16 | E_CORE_ERROR (integer) | Fatal errors that occur during PHP's initial startup. This is like an E_ERROR, except it is generated by the core of PHP. | 
32 | E_CORE_WARNING (integer) | Warnings (non-fatal errors) that occur during PHP's initial startup. This is like an E_WARNING, except it is generated by the core of PHP.	 | 
64 | E_COMPILE_ERROR (integer) | Fatal compile-time errors. This is like an E_ERROR, except it is generated by the Zend Scripting Engine. | 
128 | E_COMPILE_WARNING (integer) | Compile-time warnings (non-fatal errors). This is like an E_WARNING, except it is generated by the Zend Scripting Engine.	 | 
256 | E_USER_ERROR (integer) | User-generated error message. This is like an E_ERROR, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error(). | 
512 | E_USER_WARNING (integer) | User-generated warning message. This is like an E_WARNING, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error(). | 
1024 | E_USER_NOTICE (integer) | User-generated notice message. This is like an E_NOTICE, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error(). | 
2048 | E_STRICT (integer) | Enable to have PHP suggest changes to your code which will ensure the best interoperability and forward compatibility of your code. | Since PHP 5 but not included in E_ALL until PHP 5.4.0
4096 | E_RECOVERABLE_ERROR (integer) | Catchable fatal error. It indicates that a probably dangerous error occurred, but did not leave the Engine in an unstable state. If the error is not caught by a user defined handle (see also set_error_handler()), the application aborts as it was an E_ERROR. | Since PHP 5.2.0
8192 | E_DEPRECATED (integer) | Run-time notices. Enable this to receive warnings about code that will not work in future versions.. | Since PHP 5.3.0
16384 | E_USER_DEPRECATED (integer) | User-generated warning message. This is like an E_DEPRECATED, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error(). | Since PHP 5.3.0
32767 | E_ALL (integer) | All errors and warnings, as supported, except of level E_STRICT prior to PHP 5.4.0. | 32767 in PHP 5.4.x, 30719 in PHP 5.3.x, 6143 in PHP 5.2.x, 2047 previously